The following changes are required in ZIP:  
1. LOB – 057  
2. SBU – SP Specialties  
3. Policy Type – AH Accident & Health  
4. Target Market – VIC Vistors to Canada  
5. Locations section - Select the ‘Locations’ option on the ‘Maintain Policy’ screen  
6. Adding a location  
o On the ‘Work with Location’ screen, select F9 to add a location  
o On the ‘Maintain Location’ screen, under the country field, ADD a new   
country code OOC for Out of Canada - A&H only  
o When ‘OOC’ is selected, the out of country should prepopulate with the   
following address:  
 Out of Canada - A&H only – Address field  
 Out of Canada - A&H only - City field  
 Province and postal code fields are not required  
7. There will only be one location that will be out of Canada, ZIP should not allow for   
two locations to be out of Canada  
8. Other locations can be added if they are other provinces, but only one out of   
Canada location will be allowed.  
9. The following 3 items should also prepopulate as blank:  
o Cresta Zone  
o Windstorm Zone  
o Flood Zone  
10. The module will be Accident & Sickness – No Change  
11. The coverages will remain the same – No Change  
12. Need to confirm what changes Cesar will need to make and then what needs to be   
made on the ClaimsCentre side also. Since this is locations based, need to 
2  
understand what impact adding a new location will be as this new location will   
need to have all the coverages applied to this new location.   
13. Will the mapping for ClaimZCentre have to apply to the new location for the   
existing coverages? Need to confirm with Cesar and ClaimZCentre. How will these   
5 claims questions be answered by the business as they will need to be sent to   
ClaimZCentre to update their tables.  
These are the cZc mapping questions below: In the event of a claim, would any of   
these apply, please answer Yes or No.  
o BI - Bodily Injury  
o FL – Financial Loss  
o MP – Medical Payments  
o PD – Property Damage  
o PI – Personal Injury  
o BD – Bond Default  
cZc   
Mapping  
BI -   
Bodily   
Injury  
cZc   
Mapping  
FL -   
Financial   
Loss  
cZc   
Mapping  
MP
Medical   
Payments  
cZc   
Mapping  
PD -   
Property   
Damage  
cZc   
Mapping  
PI -   
Personal   
Injury  
cZc   
Mapping  
BD -   
Bond   
Default  
o  
14. This new section rows 752 to 754 will need to be updated in the Cesar tables and   
tested prior to promotion.  
15. Cesar and Claims changes do not need to align with the ZIP promotion, as long as   
they are made shortly after the ZIP promotion that will be fine. They must be made   
prior to a first claim being reported. The promotion can be later but it should not   
be that much later than the ZIP promotion.  
